README.md, before:

# pyramid_apispec

pyramid_apispec allows you to create an [OpenAPI specification file](https://swagger.io/specification/)
using [apispec](http://apispec.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) and an online OpenAPI explorer using the
[Swagger UI](https://swagger.io/tools/swagger-ui/) project for your [Pyramid](https://trypyramid.com)
application and its [marshmallow](https://marshmallow.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) schemas.

# Installation

    pip install pyramid_apispec

# Basic usage

Check out the demo folder and minimal application example by running:

    pip install -e '.[demo]'
    python demo/app.py

You can then visit your API explorer page at http://0.0.0.0:6543/api-explorer.

# Examples

Visit [generated documentation here](https://ergo.github.io/pyramid_apispec/gh-pages)
(please note that actual REST API is not working in github pages)

## Hinting a route and its view:

    @view_config(route_name='foo_route', renderer='json')
    def foo_view():
        """A greeting endpoint.

        ---
        x-extension: value
        get:
            description: some description
            responses:
                200:
                    description: response for 200 code
                    schema:
                        $ref: #/definitions/BarBodySchema
        """
        return 'hi'

## Rendering the spec as JSON response:

    from apispec import APISpec
    from apispec.ext.marshmallow import MarshmallowPlugin
    from pyramid_apispec.helpers import add_pyramid_paths

    @view_config(route_name='openapi_spec', renderer='json')
    def api_spec(request):
        spec = APISpec(
            title='Some API',
            version='1.0.0',
            plugins=[MarshmallowPlugin()],
        )
        # using marshmallow plugin here
        spec.definition('SomeFooBody', schema=MarshmallowSomeFooBodySchema)

        # inspect the `foo_route` and generate operations from docstring
        add_pyramid_paths(spec, 'foo_route', request=request)

        # inspection supports filtering via pyramid add_view predicate arguments
        add_pyramid_paths(
            spec, 'bar_route', request=request, request_method='post')
        return spec.to_dict()

# Adding the API explorer view

To complement the specification file generation, this package can also provide an API explorer
for your application's API via the Swagger UI project:

    config.include('pyramid_apispec.views')
    config.add_route("openapi_spec", "/openapi.json")
    config.pyramid_apispec_add_explorer(
        spec_route_name='openapi_spec')

By default you need to pass the route name of the view that serves the OpenAPI
specification in your application. If needed you can specify a Pyramid `permission` or
custom callable (`script_generator` argument) to override the default JavaScript
configuration of Swagger UI.

The default URL for the explorer is `/api-explorer`. This setting is controlled
via the `explorer_route_path` argument - the route is registered as `pyramid_apispec.api_explorer_path`.

# Running tests

    pip install -e '.[dev]'
    tox

Commit message:

Updated examples in README to match what works in the demo application and noted OpenAPI version. Updated the demo app so that the schema it creates passes editor.swagger.io's validation without errors.

README.md, after:

# pyramid_apispec

pyramid_apispec allows you to create an [OpenAPI specification file](https://swagger.io/specification/)
using [apispec](http://apispec.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) and an online OpenAPI explorer using the
[Swagger UI](https://swagger.io/tools/swagger-ui/) project for your [Pyramid](https://trypyramid.com)
application and its [marshmallow](https://marshmallow.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) schemas.

# Installation

    pip install pyramid_apispec

# Basic usage

Check out the demo folder and minimal application example by running:

    pip install -e '.[demo]'
    python demo/app.py

You can then visit your API explorer page at http://0.0.0.0:6543/api-explorer.

# Examples

Visit [generated documentation here](https://ergo.github.io/pyramid_apispec/gh-pages)
(please note that actual REST API is not working in github pages)

**Note:** This example is specific to OpenAPI/Swagger v2.x.
OpenAPI 3.x.x is supported as well, it just uses a different YAML schema so pay attention to examples online
(for example, the [apispec examples](https://apispec.readthedocs.io/en/latest/using_plugins.html#example-flask-and-marshmallow-plugins)
use v3).

## Hinting a route and its view:

    @view_config(route_name='foo_route', renderer='json')
    def foo_view():
        """A greeting endpoint.

        ---
        x-extension: value
        get:
            description: some description
            responses:
                200:
                    description: response for 200 code
                    schema:
                        $ref: "#/definitions/BarBodySchema"
        """
        return 'hi'

## Rendering the spec as JSON response:

    from apispec import APISpec
    from apispec.ext.marshmallow import MarshmallowPlugin
    from pyramid_apispec.helpers import add_pyramid_paths

    @view_config(route_name='openapi_spec', renderer='json')
    def api_spec(request):
        spec = APISpec(
            title='Some API',
            version='1.0.0',
            openapi_version='2.0',
            plugins=[MarshmallowPlugin()],
        )
        # using marshmallow plugin here
        spec.components.schema('SomeFooBody', schema=MarshmallowSomeFooBodySchema)

        # inspect the `foo_route` and generate operations from docstring
        add_pyramid_paths(spec, 'foo_route', request=request)

        # inspection supports filtering via pyramid add_view predicate arguments
        add_pyramid_paths(
            spec, 'bar_route', request=request, request_method='post')
        return spec.to_dict()

# Adding the API explorer view

To complement the specification file generation, this package can also provide an API explorer
for your application's API via the Swagger UI project:

    config.include('pyramid_apispec.views')
    config.add_route("openapi_spec", "/openapi.json")
    config.pyramid_apispec_add_explorer(
        spec_route_name='openapi_spec')

By default you need to pass the route name of the view that serves the OpenAPI
specification in your application. If needed you can specify a Pyramid `permission` or
custom callable (`script_generator` argument) to override the default JavaScript
configuration of Swagger UI.

The default URL for the explorer is `/api-explorer`. This setting is controlled
via the `explorer_route_path` argument - the route is registered as `pyramid_apispec.api_explorer_path`.

# Running tests

    pip install -e '.[dev]'
    tox
